Oh, what's wrong?
I'm okay, I'm just rhyming kids a little afraid of the dark.
Why is the power suddenly out?
Let's take a look.
Good night the fuse again missed hitting the landlord, the second so many times he did not receive rice.
Don't worry, I'll be at your door tonight.
Grandmother can sleep peacefully.
Hey.
So you can't go?
I alone am afraid of the dark.
Never.
Lonely male widow in the same room
The Human Ethic
What are you thinking?
I told you to make bunk beds, not go to bed.
How old are you?
You're still influenced by feudal thought.
This guy can't talk, really can't talk.
Honestly hit a shop floor
He's a piece of wood.
But don't talk.
This wood looks beautiful.
No wonder the director could have glanced at him.
If you want the benefits of clean coverage back to the top
I'm afraid it's not overnight.
But to deal with the rats.
That's enough.